CmdStan User's Guide - update install instructions (#555)
stan-dev/docs: src/cmdstan-guide/index.Rmd

This document is a user's guide for CmdStan, the command-line interface
to the Stan statistical modeling language.
CmdStan provides the programs and tools to compile Stan programs into
C++ executables that can be run directly from the command line, together
with a few utilities to check and summarize the resulting outputs.

In CmdStan, statistical models written in the Stan probabilistic programming language
are translated into a C++ program which is then compiled together with the CmdStan routines
which provides the logic needed to manage all user inputs and program outputs.

> The resulting C++ executable program can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting command line executable program can be used to
```
